#Sudoku Solver

Solves Suduko puzzle based on clues and brut-force methods(if there is a solution)


<p> The method firstly checks whether the base case is met or not. The base case is that <pre> if(row>DIMENSION -1) return  true </pre>.</p> So if the number of rows becomes greater than the maximum number of rows, which are dimension -1, the method should return true and exit instead of calling the recursive method again. Then, the method check whether the array cell pointed by the indices row,col is blank or not. If it is not blank(meaning has an integer value besides 0), the method moves on to the next column of the same row, untill the columns in that row finish, in which case it moves to the next row. If it is blank(meaning has an integer value of 0), the method tries to put a value in that array cell. It starts with 1 and goes up to the value of the dimension of the matrix, so if the dimension is 9, the values range from 1 to 9. We start with calling a checkNumberInput method with the parameters the row, column (to indicate the cell we are looking at) and the input value. The method checks whether this value can be placed in the cell by checking whether the same value is alreay present in the same row, column, or sub-array, meaning a sqaure array which has dimensions the square root of the previous dimensions. If the method returns true, meaning that placing this value in the cell being pointed to by the row and col values does not cause any conflicts, the value will be placed in the cell being pointed to by the row and col values. If the program is already at the last column of a row, we call the function to check whether some value can be inserted in the next cell (meaning the method solves for (row+1,0), which happens to be the first column of the next row. If this column is not the last column in our row, the method solves for (row, col+1 )meaning checks the next column of the same row to check whether the insertion of some value from 1 to dimension is possible in the next column or not. The method returns true if it is. If the method returns true, it means that the value we placed in the empty cell did not cause a conflict for a value to be placed in the next empty cell. The return true will cause the method to exit. If the cell we are looking at is not blank, meaning it does not contain an integer value of 0, we just solve for the next column of that row, or the first column of the next row (in the case where the column we were looking at was the last column of the row). If either of the two return statements 'return true' in the methods mentioned above are not called meaning, placing a value in the current empty cell caused a conflict of values for the next empty cell, it means that the value we placed in the current empty cell is false. So we need to remove that value from that cell and make it blank. This is what the backMove(row,col) method does. It sets the row and column value as blank meaning containing an integer value of 0. The method then returns false. </p>

